Drawer.template: Add code snippet and a note about a fixed width (#1119)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxDrawer/1 Configuration/template.md

---
![DevExtreme HTML5 JavaScript Drawer](/images/UIWidgets/drawer.png)

> This option specifies the content of the drawer. To specify the content of the view, nest it inside the **Drawer**'s markup element, as shown in the code below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option specifies the drawer's content. To specify the view's content, nest it inside the **Drawer**'s markup element as shown in the code below.
```

> [important] Always specify a fixed width for the drawer's content. This width is used to calculate the width of the drawer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[important] Always specify a fixed width for the drawer's content. This width is used to calculate the drawer's width.
```
